Replace use of `relref` shortcode with `docs/reference` so links work in Grafana Cloud (#75433)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/configure-data-links/index.md

1. Click **Save** in the upper right to save your changes to the dashboard.

{{% docs/reference %}}
[Cloudwatch]: "/docs/grafana/ -> /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA VERSION>/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/query-editor#deep-link-grafana-panels-to-the-cloudwatch-console-1"

> [Cloudwatch]: "/docs/grafana-cloud/ -> /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA VERSION>/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/query-editor#deep-link-grafana-panels-to-the-cloudwatch-console-1"

Author: ```suggestion
[Cloudwatch]: "/docs/grafana-cloud/ -> /docs/grafana-cloud/connect-externally-hosted/data-sources/aws-cloudwatch/query-editor#deep-link-grafana-panels-to-the-cloudwatch-console-1"
```

[Google Cloud Monitoring]: "/docs/grafana/ -> /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA VERSION>/datasources/google-cloud-monitoring/query-editor#deep-link-from-grafana-panels-to-the-google-cloud-console-metrics-explorer"

> [Google Cloud Monitoring]: "/docs/grafana-cloud/ -> /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA VERSION>/datasources/google-cloud-monitoring/query-editor#deep-link-from-grafana-panels-to-the-google-cloud-console-metrics-explorer"

Author: ```suggestion
[Google Cloud Monitoring]: "/docs/grafana-cloud/ -> /docs/grafana-cloud/connect-externally-hosted/data-sources/google-cloud-monitoring/query-editor#deep-link-from-grafana-panels-to-the-google-cloud-console-metrics-explorer"
```
